Hahaha
Empress Zhu Xu gave three orders for you to return to the imperial capital
How did you come to Haishi by detour?
I got it.
Naturally, it is more important to meet a girlfriend
Oh.
Phoenix Ye Pai Jintiandi is only a drinking ticket for one person
This is the adult's accessory.
It seems that you came for him
Who else has contributed to the Queen besides that one?
I need to see him right away please
You see that girl is so good looking, it's really good
Baby, the order is coming.
I wiped a fraction, a total of 30 boys, beautiful woman
Have a glass of wine and get to know each other. Who are you? What are you doing?
You are so shameless, right?
Ah!
Don't you dress so slutty just to seduce me?
I can see you, that's your blessing
Little brother, this is mine.
Give me face
I'll have this one tonight.
How old are you?
Get out of here
You dare my boss is the brother-in-law of Dragon Barrel Cave
If you dare to move, I will kill you
Governor Long, Governor Southwest
Longyan Pool?
How could you know?
He is the top black ghost of sea lions
If you're afraid, set fire to it
And this kind of woman
They don't sleep in the middle of the night, they come out for barbecues.
Obviously out to fish for Kaizi
I came to satisfy them just by concurrence
And you're still meddling?
I suggest you let me go
No, it's not.
We don't have it.
No matter how big yours is
It's a pity that my guts are not blind
What do you want?
When they come, you're all going to die
Stop
Let him go